DB Console changes under cluster virtualization for 24.1 (#18593)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.1/cluster-virtualization-overview.md

When connected to a virtual cluster from the DB Console:

- Most pages and views are scoped to a virtual cluster.

> - By default, the DB Console displays metrics across the entire cluster, including process-wide metrics, and SQL metrics from all virtual clusters are aggregated together. DB Console pages related to SQL activity and jobs are visible only from a virtual cluster and not from the system virtual cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, the DB Console displays cluster-wide metrics metrics across the entire cluster. This includes metrics that are not associated with a virtual cluster, such as process-wide metrics and aggregated SQL metrics for all virtual clusters. DB Console pages related to SQL activity and jobs are visible only from the default virtual cluster and not from the system virtual cluster.
```

> - By default, some pages and views are by default viewable only from the system virtual cluster, including those pertaining to overall cluster health.

Reviewer: Is this still true?

Author: What I wrote was incorrect. I've amended it to be clearer, I hope.
